oras we go up with our wrists
that I think of you
at shoulder height
run macro sphere now
we bring the hands down to the height of the navel
it's here
the tides sir far now
they approach the bumps of the hands they touch each other they go away again
Your fingertips touch this time
and now we return thu
on the sides
the second sphere will follow it at shoulder height
they are broad
if it comes up
stores are located
touch the fingertips
and come back down
third sphere
to be performed at height
of the many m the central part therefore to the solar plexus
of bears
fingertips
why
well from this position we come back up
at shoulder height
we can only bust at the feet are still on our left as he has to hope
a big one hope our left side
We will vote
even the foot to the right 90 degrees
warts
we will beat the sphere so the right hand will be below the left
we will carry the weight on the right leg raising the left
and at the same time we revert the sphere
carrying the weight of the left body
from 90 degrees in which we will follow the movement of the laro bricoman group
the upper right hand had suspended the left
which rises upwards push it to the right
turn on the bass how to protect yourself
doubts on the side
from this position weight will return back to the right leg
we will correct the angle of the right foot a few degrees in the head we will draw
with hands on our left side
a kind of heart
we will bring to the weight on the left leg the right leg is lifted they will rest
on the right 90 degrees
here to follow the movement of the flowers
the palm of the right hand facing upwards
the palm of your left hand downwards
times we will beat the palm of your hand sinead is as strange as
to pet a dog an animal
while we are decorating we carry weight on the left leg
we also vote the pelvis for the bust
we join our hands on our sides as if to make a small sphere in our hands
compress movement
we will advance with right elbow forward
the left hand lacked the back of the right hand
the palms of the hands turn towards bird
then back to bare earth
we bring back the hands to the chest I go a mac
and then up again
forward
to push
movement of the pushing hands
now we will grow
both hands bulged palms facing in front of tolaria swimming to the left
I would also keep the foot 90 degrees
from this position
perform whip increase web but are forward to the chest
now but it doesn't open by grabbing it
so we bring the weight to the right
this we are weight on the left leg lifting a little bit
and spread with the fingers extended year round
sinister
in the world in the position of the whip
now to the right hand that will make the egg
rotate and carry it in your left hand
with both now at the level of the pelvis
We also vote for 90-degree feet
we remember on our right
let's vote softly on the left foot right source
however he stops at his left shoulder
away from the body
pautasso doesn't see the goals by hand g20 right turns from bottom to top
around
rests on the left hand
and both move away grab something grabs
it pulls itself towards the body
at the pelvis
then relax forward again by screw on the right leg as if to strike
with a punch
well from this position we will follow
lamma fusta two hands then haker be malaria with palms facing front
this time the foot turns and crosses
then with a step forward
after which we will also release the left foot which can already be with the tip
near the right foot
fair and we will never give birth to brush
the knee to say
the right hand
the caress of the chest drops downwards
then it's time for the left
that always rotates inside
after which at the end of the movement on the right side of the Savena, the left will be in
bass
both palms
facing the ground
the final position is that of the er, nor does it open the wings